packages in environment at /CSC_CONTAINER/miniconda/envs/env1:
#
Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.3.2              h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
anyio                     3.6.1            py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               21.3.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0           py39hb9d737c_2    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.0.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     22.1.0             pyh71513ae_1    conda-forge
babel                     2.10.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.11.1             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
bedops                    2.4.41               h9f5acd7_0    bioconda
biopython                 1.79             py39hb9d737c_2    conda-forge
bleach                    5.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py39hb9d737c_1004    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2022.6.15            ha878542_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2022.6.15        py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.1           py39he91dace_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        2.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cryptography              37.0.1           py39h9ce1e76_0  
curl                      7.83.1               h2283fc2_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               h5008d03_3    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.6.3            py39h5a03fae_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
executing                 0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.4.8                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
flit-core                 3.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.0               h8e229c2_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.37.1           py39hb9d737c_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               hca18f0e_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          h73d1719_1008    conda-forge
ghostscript               9.54.0               h27087fc_2    conda-forge
glib                      2.72.1               h6239696_0    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.72.1               h6239696_0    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.20.2               hcf0ee16_0    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.20.3               hd4edc92_0    conda-forge
icu                       69.1                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.3                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        4.11.4           py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        4.11.4               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       5.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.15.1             pyh210e3f2_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.4.0            py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.1           py39hf3d152e_1    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
json5                     0.9.5              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            7.3.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.11.1           py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server            1.18.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab                3.4.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_server         2.15.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.4            py39hf939315_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.3               h08a2579_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 hddcbb42_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.36.1               hea4e1c9_2    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  13.0.1          default_hc23dcda_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.83.1               h2283fc2_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.13                 h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.10               h28343ad_4    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc                    7.2.0                h69d50b8_2    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 12.1.0              h8d9b700_16    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            12.1.0              h69a702a_16    conda-forge
libgfortran5              12.1.0              hdcd56e2_16    conda-forge
libglib                   2.72.1               h2d90d5f_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   12.1.0              h8d9b700_16    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 h516909a_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm13                 13.0.1               hf817b99_2    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.47.0               hff17c54_1    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.21          pthreads_h78a6416_2    conda-forge
libopus                   1.3.1                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h753d276_4    conda-forge
libpq                     14.5                 he2d8382_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h36c2ea0_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.39.2               h753d276_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               hf14f497_3    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              12.1.0              ha89aaad_16    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.4.0                h0e0dad5_3    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h7f98852_1000    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.4                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.0.3                he3ba5ed_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.12               h885dcf4_1    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.33               h0ef7038_3    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.12               h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
lxml                      4.8.0            py39hb9d737c_2    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.1            py39hb9d737c_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.5.3            py39hf3d152e_2    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.5.3            py39h19d6b11_2    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
meme                      5.4.1           py39pl5321h2771df5_2    bioconda
mistune                   2.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mpi                       1.0                     openmpi    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
mysql-common              8.0.30               h26416b9_0    conda-forge
mysql-connector-c         6.1.6                         0    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.0.30               hbc51c84_0    conda-forge
nbclassic                 0.4.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.6.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 7.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-core            7.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-pandoc          7.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h27087fc_1    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.5.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
notebook                  6.4.12             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
notebook-shim             0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nspr                      4.32                 h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
nss                       3.78                 h2350873_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.20.3           py39hd249d9e_2    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.0                h7d73246_1    conda-forge
openmpi                   4.1.4              ha1ae619_100    conda-forge
openssl                   3.0.5                h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
packaging                 21.3               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.4.3            py39h1832856_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.19.2               ha770c72_0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          2_h7f98852_perl5    conda-forge
perl-base                 2.23            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-business-isbn        3.007           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-business-isbn-data   20210112.006    pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-carp                 1.50            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-cgi                  4.54            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-common-sense         3.75            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.202           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-constant             1.33            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-data-dumper          2.183           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-dbi                  1.643           pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-encode               3.19            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-encode-locale        1.05                          3    bioconda
perl-exporter             5.74            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.64            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-path            2.18            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-spec            3.48_01         pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-file-temp            0.2304          pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-which           1.24            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-html-parser          3.78            pl5321h9f5acd7_0    bioconda
perl-html-tagset          3.20                          0    bioconda
perl-html-template        2.97            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-html-tree            5.07            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-http-date            6.05            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-message         6.36            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-io-html              1.004           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json                 4.09            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json-xs              2.34            pl5321h9f5acd7_5    bioconda
perl-log-log4perl         1.55            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-lwp-mediatypes       6.04            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-math-cdf             0.1             pl5321hec16e2b_7    bioconda
perl-mime-base64          3.16            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-parent               0.238           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.63            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-threaded             5.32.1               hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-time-local           1.30            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-timedate             2.33            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-types-serialiser     1.01            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-uri                  5.12            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-url-encode           0.03            pl5321h9ee0642_0    bioconda
perl-xml-namespacesupport 1.12            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-xml-parser           2.44_01         pl5321hc3e0081_1003    conda-forge
perl-xml-sax              1.02            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-xml-sax-base         1.09            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-xml-sax-expat        0.51                          0    bioconda
perl-xml-simple           2.25            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-yaml                 1.30            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5           py39hde42818_1002    conda-forge
pillow                    9.2.0            py39hd5dbb17_2    conda-forge
pip                       22.2.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.14.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.30             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.1            py39hb9d737c_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pybigwig                  0.3.18           py39h792ddb7_2    bioconda
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.13.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyjaspar                  2.1.0              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
pyopenssl                 22.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.12.3           py39hf3d152e_8    conda-forge
pyqt-impl                 5.12.3           py39hde8b62d_8    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 4.19.18          py39he80948d_8    conda-forge
pyqtchart                 5.12             py39h0fcd23e_8    conda-forge
pyqtwebengine             5.12.1           py39h0fcd23e_8    conda-forge
pyrsistent                0.18.1           py39hb9d737c_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py39hf3d152e_5    conda-forge
python                    3.9.13          h2660328_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.16.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      2_cp39    conda-forge
pytz                      2022.2.1           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyzmq                     23.2.1           py39headdf64_0    conda-forge
qt                        5.12.9               h1304e3e_6    conda-forge
readline                  8.1.2                h0f457ee_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.28.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
samtools                  1.6                  h3f2fef4_8    bioconda
scipy                     1.9.0            py39h8ba3f38_0    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.11.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.11.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
send2trash                1.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools                65.3.0           py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.2.0            py39hf3d152e_3    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.3.2.post1        pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.39.2               h4ff8645_1    conda-forge
stack_data                0.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.13.2           py39hd257fcd_0    conda-forge
terminado                 0.15.0           py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
tinycss2                  1.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h27826a3_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.2              py39hb9d737c_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2022c                h191b570_0    conda-forge
ucsc-fasize               357                           0    bioconda
unicodedata2              14.0.0           py39hb9d737c_1    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.11            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
websocket-client          1.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.12               h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                h6239696_4    conda-forge